docs: ROFL build revamp (#2309)
oasisprotocol/oasis-sdk: docs/rofl/workflow/build.mdx

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

# Build

This operation packs `compose.yaml`, specific operating system components and
the hash of a trusted block on the

> Sapphire chain. All these pieces are needed to safely execute our bot
> inside TEE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sapphire chain. All these pieces are needed to safely execute our app
inside a TEE.
```
